Warming up  
Medical issues for the 21st century
Words and expressions
obesity n. 肥胖（症）
obese adj. 肥胖的；臃肿的
contaminate v. 弄脏，污染
E. coli n. 大肠杆菌

Advances in modern technology have brought much convenience. Yet, along with the benefits, there are some health concerns. Take hearing loss for example. Some teenagers like to wear headphones for long periods of time and listen to music at a high volume. This might lead to hearing loss, a condition that commonly affects the elderly before.
现代技术的进步带来了很多便利。然而，在带来好处的同时，也存在着一些健康问题。以听力损失为例。一些青少年喜欢长时间佩戴耳机，以高音量听音乐。这可能会导致听力损失，这种情况以前通常影响到老年人
Obesity is another health threat. Due to the use of computers, most people sit longer than previous generations. This means they have far less opportunity for physical activities than in the past. As one study found, people who work over 40 hours a week are about 8% more likely to be obese.
肥胖是另一个健康威胁。由于电脑的使用，大多数人比前几代人坐得更久。这意味着他们进行体育活动的机会比过去少得多。正如一项研究发现的那样，每周工作超过40小时的人患肥胖症的可能性约为8%。
    Of course, some health risks relate to smartphones. The smartphone has become such a necessity that many of us cannot imagine living without it. People spend an estimated 3.5 hours a day looking at their phones –something that can lead to back and neck pain. Smartphones may also cause stomach pain. A 2011 study found that 16% of smartphones are contaminated with E. coli, a type of bacteria that can result in stomach pain. In addition to physical risks, psychological problems may emerge when people become overly attached to their phones. Constantly checking social media may cause stress, and people may feel anxious when unable to access their mobile phones. 
    当然，有些健康风险与智能手机有关。智能手机已经成为一种必需品，我们中的许多人无法想象没有它的生活。人们每天估计要花3.5小时看手机--这可能导致背部和颈部疼痛。智能手机也可能导致胃痛。2011年的一项研究发现，16%的智能手机被大肠杆菌污染，这是一种可能导致胃痛的细菌。除了身体上的风险外，当人们过度依赖手机时，可能会出现心理问题。不断查看社交媒体可能会造成压力，人们在无法使用手机时可能会感到焦虑。
Now that you know the health risks related to modern technology, try to use your electronic devices rationally. Don’t let them take over your life and damage your physical and psychological health.
现在你知道了与现代技术有关的健康风险，试着理性地使用你的电子设备。不要让它们占据你的生活，损害你的身体和心理健康。



Listening 1
Germ myths
Words and expressions
tuberculosis n. 结核病（尤指肺结核）
digest v. 消化（食物）
handrail n. （通道、楼梯等的）扶手，栏杆
air filter 空气过滤器
come down with 患，得，染上（小病）
reinforce v. 加强；强化（观点、思想或感觉）
seat tray n. （前排）座椅托盘
sponge n. （擦洗用的）海绵（块）
valid adj. 有效的；正式认可的
recap v. 扼要重述；概括

HOST: Welcome to Health Beat. In this digital age, we’re constantly exposed to medical claims. “Wonder drugs” that cure disease … foods that can cause cancer … but which claims are true and which complete nonsense? Joining us this month to talk about germs and disease is Dr. Mitchell of the Mayweather Institute in New York. 
Dr. Mitchell, welcome to the show.
DR. MITCHELL: Thanks for having me.
HOST: OK, so to start us off, Dr. Mitchell, what exactly are germs?
DR. MITCHELL: By germs, we mean bacteria and viruses that can cause diseases. For example, tuberculosis is caused by a bacterium. The common cold and influenza are caused by viruses.
HOST: …and is it true that dangerous germs are all around us?
DR. MITCHELL: While it is true that germs are everywhere, it’s a myth that all germs are dangerous. Most are not harmful, and, in fact, some “good” bacteria in our bodies help us to digest food.
HOST: So you mean that we don’t need to worry about germs so much?
DR. MITCHELL: Erm …, no. To clarify, I’m saying we need to keep in mind that just because germs exist everywhere, this doesn’t mean that ALL germs we come in contact with cause diseases.
HOST: But many people think they will, don’t they? One of our listeners claims that money spreads diseases because it has a lot of germs on it. Is that true?
DR. MITCHELL: It is a classic myth that money is a major way that diseases are spread. Of course, any money we use – both banknotes and coins – might have picked up some bacteria or viruses as it circulates from person to person. How many bacteria a banknote has depends on how old it is, and this varies from country to country. However, you don’t need to worry about it too much. Just remember to wash your hands after handling money.
HOST: So, you either wash your hands all the time, or you get sick?
DR. MITCHELL: No, no…in actual fact you could wash your hands all the time and still get sick. Just make sure you wash your hands regularly…especially after you’ve come into contact with things that have been handled by many different people, like banknotes…handrails on trains…
HOST: OK, good advice. Next, people claim that they get sick when they fly because the air is circulated and recirculated on the plane the whole flight. Is it true that breathing in recirculated air on flights makes passengers sick?
DR. MITCHELL: Actually, the air you breathe on a plane is pretty fresh. High-efficiency air filters remove about 99.9% of any bacteria and viruses in the air that’s pulled into the plane. What’s more, recirculated air is continuously released from the plane and replaced with fresh air from the outside. The average plane’s air is refreshed about 20 times an hour. In comparison, the air in an average office is only changed about 12 times an hour!
HOST: So why do people think that planes make them sick?
DR. MITCHELL: Well, let’s say a passenger comes down with a cold after a flight. This reinforces the myth that the air was the cause. In fact, the cold virus might have been spread from touching the seat tray, or it could have been spread by turning a door handle. Or it may have been spread by a passenger sitting nearby who was coughing and sneezing. We don’t know the true cause.
HOST: So, your main point is that the recirculated air isn’t the way that germs are spread on flights.
DR. MITCHELL: Exactly. There are lots of different ways to get sick on a plane, but it’s very unlikely to be caused by recirculated air.
HOST: Another listener believes the kitchen is the dirtiest room in the house. That isn’t true, is it?
DR. MITCHELL: Well, in fact, some say it is. Kitchens are, in fact, full of germs that can cause diseases. For example, many people use a wet sponge or cloth to clean up. They don’t realize that dangerous germs might have been spread as they cleaned. The kitchen table looks clean, but it isn’t. And, the kitchen floor is another place we know that can have a high concentration of germs. Here’s another myth related to the kitchen floor: the “five-second rule.” The rule is: If you drop some food on the floor, but you pick it up within five seconds, then it’s still OK to eat it. That’s not valid, of course. As soon as the food touches the floor, it comes into contact with bacteria. This usually means it’s unsafe to eat.
HOST: We’re out of time. Thank you, Dr. Mitchell. To recap: Germs are everywhere; not all germs are dangerous. Money’s not likely to make us sick, but the kitchen might.

主持人：欢迎来到健康节拍。在这个数字时代，我们不断地接触到医学主张。可以治愈疾病的 "神奇药物"......可以导致癌症的食物......但哪些说法是真的，哪些是完全无稽之谈？本月与我们一起讨论病菌和疾病的是纽约梅威瑟研究所的米切尔博士。
米切尔博士，欢迎来到节目。
博士。米切尔：谢谢你邀请我。
主持人：好的，那么在我们开始之前，米切尔博士，到底什么是病菌？
博士。米切尔：我们所说的病菌是指能够引起疾病的细菌和病毒。例如，结核病是由一种细菌引起的。普通感冒和流行性感冒是由病毒引起的。
主持人：......危险的病菌真的就在我们身边吗？
博士。米切尔：虽然病菌确实无处不在，但认为所有病菌都是危险的，这是个神话。大多数细菌是无害的，而且，事实上，我们体内的一些 "好 "细菌帮助我们消化食物。
主持人：所以你的意思是，我们不需要那么担心细菌？
博士。米切尔：呃......，不。澄清一下，我是说我们需要记住，仅仅因为病菌到处存在，这并不意味着我们接触到的所有病菌都会导致疾病。
主持人：但是很多人认为他们会，不是吗？我们的一位听众声称，钱会传播疾病，因为它上面有很多病菌。这是真的吗？博士。米切尔：这是一个典型的神话，金钱是疾病传播的一个主要途径。当然，我们使用的任何钱--包括纸币和硬币--在人与人之间的流通过程中可能会沾染一些细菌或病毒。一张纸币上有多少细菌取决于它的年龄，这在不同的国家是不同的。然而，你不需要太过担心。只要记住在处理完钱之后要洗手。
主持人：所以，你要么一直洗手，要么就会生病？
博士。米切尔：不，不......实际上，你可以一直洗手，但还是会生病。只要确保你定期洗手......特别是在你接触到被许多不同的人处理过的东西之后，比如钞票......火车上的扶手......。
主持人：好的，好的建议。接下来，人们声称坐飞机时会生病，因为飞机上的空气在整个飞行过程中都是循环和再循环的。在航班上呼吸再循环的空气会使乘客生病，这是真的吗？
博士。米切尔：实际上，你在飞机上呼吸的空气是非常新鲜的。高效的空气过滤器可以去除拉入飞机的空气中约99.9%的细菌和病毒。更重要的是，再循环的空气会不断从飞机上释放出来，并被外面的新鲜空气所取代。普通飞机的空气每小时被刷新20次。相比之下，普通办公室的空气每小时只更换12次。
主持人：那么，为什么人们认为飞机会使他们生病呢？
博士。米切尔：嗯，比方说，一个乘客在飞行后得了感冒。这就加强了空气是原因的神话。事实上，感冒病毒可能是通过触摸座位托盘传播的，也可能是通过转动门把手传播的。或者它可能是由坐在附近的乘客咳嗽和打喷嚏而传播的。我们不知道真正的原因。
主持人：所以，你的主要观点是，循环空气并不是病菌在航班上传播的方式。
博士。MITCHELL: 没错。在飞机上有很多不同的方式可以让人生病，但很不可能是由再循环的空气引起的。
主持人：另一位听众认为厨房是房子里最脏的房间。这不是真的，是吗？
博士。米切尔：事实上，有人说是这样。事实上，厨房里充满了可以引起疾病的细菌。例如，许多人使用湿海绵或布来清理。他们没有意识到，危险的病菌可能在他们打扫的时候就已经传播了。厨房的桌子看起来很干净，但它并不干净。而且，厨房的地板是我们知道的另一个可能有高浓度病菌的地方。这里有另一个与厨房地板有关的神话："五秒钟规则"。这个规则是。如果你掉了一些食物在地板上，但你在五秒钟内把它捡起来，那么还是可以吃的。当然，这是不成立的。一旦食物接触到地板，它就会接触到细菌。这通常意味着它不安全，不能吃。
主持人：我们没有时间了。谢谢你，米切尔博士。回顾一下。细菌无处不在；不是所有的细菌都很危险。钱不可能让我们生病，但厨房可能会。








Listening 2  
Disease detectives
Words and expressions
schistosomiasis n. 血吸虫病
parasite n. 寄生虫
habitat n. （动植物的）生活环境；（动物的）栖息地
predator n. 掠食动物，捕食性动物
ultimately adv. 最后，最终
neurological adj. 神经系统的；神经（病）学的
cycad n. 苏铁属植物（俗称“铁树”）
incidence n. （尤指罪行、疾病等的）发生率
Proper names
Senegal 塞内加尔（非洲国家）
Guam 关岛（位于太平洋西部）
the Diama Dam 迪亚马大坝（塞内加尔河上修建的水坝）
Project Crevette 青虾计划（一个致力于恢复河流中虾的数量的项目）
Chamorro 查莫罗人（居住在关岛的土著）
lytico-bodig 肌萎缩侧索硬化-帕金森-痴呆（一种神经系统疾病，曾存在于关岛）
   
There are many diseases we know about and understand the causes of. However, sometimes there are outbreaks of a disease that are unexpected and nobody understands why so many people are getting sick.
有许多疾病我们是知道的，也了解其原因。然而，有时会爆发一种疾病，这是出乎意料的，没有人理解为什么有这么多人生病。
Today, I’m going to discuss two case studies, one in Senegal, in West Africa, and the other in Guam, an island in the Pacific Ocean. In both places, there were epidemics affecting many people. Researchers had to investigate the causes of these epidemics.
今天，我将讨论两个案例研究，一个在西非的塞内加尔，另一个在太平洋的一个岛屿关岛。在这两个地方，都出现了影响许多人的流行病。研究人员不得不调查这些流行病的原因。
The first situation, in Senegal, concerns a disease called schistosomiasis. Schistosomiasis is caused by a parasite released into rivers by freshwater snails. When anyone comes into contact with the river, the parasite is transmitted to their skin, causing fevers, coughs, stomach pains, and general sickness.
第一个情况是在塞内加尔，涉及一种叫做血吸虫病的疾病。血吸虫病是由淡水蜗牛释放到河流中的一种寄生虫引起的。当任何人接触到河流时，这种寄生虫就会传染给他们的皮肤，引起发烧、咳嗽、胃痛和全身不适
Although schistosomiasis is one of the most common diseases from a parasite in the world, no one in this part of Senegal had had it before 1986 – the year the Diama Dam was built on the Senegal River. Soon after the dam was built, people started to become ill. In fact, by 1988, 90% of the population had come down with the disease. Finding a solution to this health crisis became critical. After a lot of research, scientists traced the problem back to the dam. This is what they found.
尽管血吸虫病是世界上最常见的寄生虫疾病之一，但在1986年之前，塞内加尔的这一地区没有人得过这种病--这一年在塞内加尔河上修建了迪亚马大坝。大坝建成后不久，人们就开始生病了。事实上，到1988年，90%的人口都患上了这种疾病。找到解决这一健康危机的办法变得至关重要。经过大量的研究，科学家们将问题追溯到大坝上。这就是他们的发现。
Before the dam was built, there were a lot of prawns in the Senegal River. The prawns ate the freshwater snails that lived in the river, and there was no disease. However, the construction of the dam caused the water in the river to flow differently. This, in turn, changed the prawns’ natural habitat, and eventually led to their extinction. With no natural predators left in the river, the snail population increased rapidly. More snails led to more parasites in the river water, and suddenly many people started to become very ill.
在大坝建成之前，塞内加尔河里有很多对虾。大虾吃掉了生活在河里的淡水蜗牛，而且没有任何疾病。然而，大坝的建设导致河水的流动方式不同。这反过来改变了大虾的自然栖息地，并最终导致了它们的灭绝。由于河中没有天敌，蜗牛数量迅速增加。更多的蜗牛导致河水中出现更多的寄生虫，突然间，许多人开始病得很厉害。
A group of researchers called “Project Crevette” decided that the best way to eliminate the disease was to restore the environmental conditions of the river so the prawns would be able to live there again. If the prawns returned to the river, they would eat the snails. This would mean fewer parasites in the river and ultimately less disease. This approach to solving a health problem is significant because it focuses on the main cause of the disease rather than simply giving people medicine to treat the disease.
一组名为 "克雷维特计划 "的研究人员决定，消除这种疾病的最好方法是恢复河流的环境条件，使大虾能够再次生活在那里。如果大虾回到河里，它们会吃掉蜗牛。这将意味着河里的寄生虫更少，最终减少疾病。这种解决健康问题的方法意义重大，因为它侧重于疾病的主要原因，而不是简单地给人们提供药物来治疗疾病。
Now, let’s look at a case study in Guam – a small island in the Pacific Ocean. In the late 1940s, the local people –known as the Chamorro – contracted a neurological disease called lytico-bodig. As the disease only seemed to affect the Chamorro, scientists argued that something in their diet must be the cause.
现在，让我们看看关岛的一个案例研究--太平洋上的一个小岛。在20世纪40年代末，当地人--被称为查莫罗人--染上了一种叫做lytico-bodig的神经系统疾病。由于这种疾病似乎只影响查莫罗人，科学家认为他们饮食中的某些东西一定是原因
Every day, the Chamorro made bread using the seeds of the cycad plant. These seeds were known to contain a toxin, so researchers initially thought that the flour must be the cause of the epidemic. However, the seeds were washed several times before they were used and this removed most of the toxins, meaning that the flour couldn’t have caused the disease.
每天，查莫罗人都用苏铁植物的种子制作面包。众所周知，这些种子含有一种毒素，所以研究人员最初认为面粉一定是造成这种流行病的原因。然而，这些种子在使用前被清洗了几次，这就去除了大部分的毒素，这意味着面粉不可能导致这种疾病。
At this point, the researchers discovered two interesting facts – more men had the disease than women, and men ate more meat than women. The most commonly eaten meat in the area was the flying fox, and the flying fox regularly ate the seeds of the cycad plant. This meant that there was a high concentration of toxins in the meat of the flying fox, and this fact led researchers to suspect that the meat may have been the cause of the epidemic. Later, they learned that when the flying fox population declined due to overhunting, the incidence of lytico-bodig also started to decrease, and this confirmed that flying fox meat was the cause of the epidemic.
这时，研究人员发现了两个有趣的事实--患这种疾病的男性比女性多，而且男性吃的肉比女性多。该地区最常吃的肉是飞狐，而飞狐经常吃苏铁植物的种子。这意味着飞狐的肉里有高浓度的毒素，这一事实使研究人员怀疑，肉可能是造成这种流行病的原因。后来，他们了解到，当飞狐的数量因过度捕猎而减少时，飞狐的发病率也开始下降，这证实了飞狐肉是该流行病的原因
So these are just two examples of the various factors that need to be taken into account when investigating an unusual incidence of a disease. Personally, I think they are quite interesting case studies because they demonstrate that while researching diseases can be challenging, it’s also incredibly rewarding.
因此，这只是两个例子，说明在调查一种疾病的不寻常发生率时需要考虑的各种因素。我个人认为它们是相当有趣的案例研究，因为它们表明，虽然研究疾病可能具有挑战性，但它也是令人难以置信的收获。
